Add support for SPDX expressions (#294)
actions/dependency-review-action: README.md

### allow-licenses

> Only allow the licenses that comply with the expressions in this list. See "[Licenses](https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action#licenses)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only allow the licenses in this list. The license name(s) should be SDPX-compliant. See "[Licenses](https://github.com/actions/dependency-review-action#licenses)".
```

Small reword, justification: if my repo contains code/assets under two licenses then my repo's/project's license is `MIT AND GPL-2`. Although we refer to this as an "expression" when parsing, for the end user every one of these expressions is a license by itself. A user should not be writing SPDX expressions by hand since likely no licenses in the SPDX database will match custom made patterns.

> **Possible values**: Any valid [spdx license expression](https://spdx.dev/spdx-specification-21-web-version/#h.jxpfx0ykyb60).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Possible values**: A list of of [SPDX-compliant license identifiers](https://spdx.org/licenses/).
```

This URL contains a list of the allowed expressions by listing them instead of forcing users to read the entire spec 😅

**Inline example**: `allow-licenses: BSD-3-Clause, LGPL-2.1 OR MIT OR BSD-3-Clause`

**YAML example**:

```yaml
allow-licenses:
  - BSD-3-Clause

>   - LGPL-2.1 OR MIT OR BSD-3-Clause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - LGPL-2.1
  - MIT
  - BSD-3-Clause
```

We should not encourage users to write (or know/care) about SPDX expressions.
